Update teams endpoints docs (#864)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/api/v2/api-docs-mdx/endpoints/teams.mdx

}`}</Code>
</Example>

### Change user role or status

<Endpoint method="PATCH" url="/v1/teams/:id/members/:userId" />

Change the role or status of an user inside a team member. To change it send a `PATCH` request, if the change is done you will receive a 200 status code with an empty body.

<Note>
  You need to be <InlineCode>OWNER</InlineCode> to use it.
</Note>

#### Request Parameters

| Key          | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types" hasIcon>Type</HelpLink> | Required | Description                                                       |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **role**     | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Enum</HelpLink>         | No       | The new role of the team member, it could be `OWNER` or `MEMBER`. |

> | **rejected** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | No       | The new status of the team member, it could be `true` or `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **rejected** | <HelpLink href="#api-basics/types">Boolean</HelpLink>      | No       | Whether the team member is prevented from ever joining the team. |
```
